well I'm not at my best when I have to
get up at 3:30 in the morning for a 6:00
a.m. flight back to the United States
Chicago
Singapore to Narita then Narita to
Chicago in an even worse mood when we
get here with the luggage and find out
that our flight was canceled and right
now they say we're rebooked in two days
what a crock of you-know-what anyhow
we're standing in line and I'll let you
know as soon as we know something we
have no idea why the flight was canceled
I really don't care if I as long as they
put me up in Singapore I have no places
that I have to be home right in two days
but let's see what they're doing who
knows how long we're gonna be in one
until they even get to us if they could
have put on a couple more people as this
line gets bigger and bigger bigger this
find out we're flying Singapore Airlines
to Beijing and then we have to fly
Beijing to Washington DC United and then
to Chicago on United and we're getting
an 11 o'clock at night instead of two
o'clock this afternoon but still we're
going home the same day and it's on
Singapore Airlines which is great as far
as I'm concerned we're gonna be flying a
Singapore Airlines Airbus a380 800
leaves Singapore 830 supposed arrived in
Beijing at 2:40 a 6 hour and 10 min of
flight
there's our gate
I have never flown on an Airbus 380 with
an upper deck no less and this upper
deck has those ballyhooed Singapore
sweets where each first-class person is
in a suite I think the price of a
first-class ticket for one of those
sweets ranges between 15,000 US dollars
and up we're way in the back and economy
up side of this entire debacle is that
we will all get to see what Singapore
Airlines is like what their food is like
and what flying an economy and an Airbus
380 is life
be back over here what if I write right
here
the only vixen moan about our American
carriers and how there is absolutely no
legroom you should get smushed into one
of these Singapore airline seats pretty
bad I hope there's something decent Wow
according to this Chris world has 296
moves out of the Twitter 96 do you think
or something I haven't seen yet 450 for
TV shows
there should only be 5 hours and 40
minutes diversion where I haven't
figured we're gonna live in Chicago and
least nine hours later than we were
supposed on unless if they know it's
rather than having a punch into the
screen which is re so annoying to the
person in front of you execute 8:02
powerful Beijing we mean the fight
against Officer Jason
about your joy your flavor
the choice a fighter
like United who charges people in
economy class our United
mr. chicken with rosemary sauce at the
new some chicken
crackers ice cream
Fiori interest selection
vegetable salad dirty the shrimps
Chinese vegetables were fried
so I scream that sounds pretty good to
meet you
the length is 7
and it's Stephanie now
that box
and so nothing to me day three
and the most fuel-efficient the very
nice toilets on the Airbus 380
and Singapore Airlines and actually give
you toothbrushes
and hand lotion
most of their line stuff do anymore
open the waste step down
instead of touching everything with her
head
no just water play place to put water
the Orientals
right pork right
whatever it is with
I guess that is the Chinese fortune
hotel
the juicer cookie ice cream and ice
cream cone
people are up here on upper deck
plus there will be sixties
how many sway to the seats are occupied
on this flight today to two years so we
have all very rich guesses because I
know it's it's upwards of $15,000 my
goodness well if I ever win the lottery
back home
there now I can just photograph this
part if I ever win the lottery back home
I am going to get a suite on Singapore
Airlines
seeds are still the same up here but
it's just more secluded that's all
the reason they call it an 800 is
because if it was all
we're at home to eat
passengers
a flying boxcar
this plane is so gigantic
it's
for drinks
I was there and I hope you enjoyed the
flavor
as much as we do goodbye 380 800 it was
a good flight
you